this is the late 70s model camper that I
bought for a hundred dollars it's 22
foot when I got it had a lot of water
damage and so I had to gut it tear
everything out rebuild it I did it on
the cheap I think I have about six
hundred dollars in the camper right now
let's go ahead and take a look at it a
seal that door off we're not going to
use it anymore there's a 12-volt
lighting system that i created for it
just some old extension cord run up in
there just some 12 volt RV lights put a
little Levon it keep the rain off it and
it's raining right now out here but I
the lighting is going to run off of that
12-volt boat battery that I've got there
hey and that'll do for a weekend at deer
can't better run them lights it's good
and open it up and come on in my wife
made some curtains for it
so this is the camper turn on these
lights put some shelving in we used osb
to panel it because it was cheaper I
know it's rougher but it was cheaper you
can see there there's the shelving unit
and we're going to put everything on
there's my heating system I've got to
mr. buddy heaters and run off the
propane bottle or a propane line there's
my cook station that's an old Oh early
60s late 50s cast iron cook stove runs
off the propane bottles ree burner we'll
put a fire extinguisher in here next to
it for safety carpet a little dirty
right now been doing some work in here
this morning but the carpet came out of
my neighbor's house couch this is a
knife blue denim couch somebody
apparently got evicted and a landlord
drug this out to the road with some odds
and ends and I saw it one day and loaded
it up it's nice counts and then right
here on that same day I found this blue
vinyl bench out of advanced I bolted
that to the floor and that's so that
makes a little sitting area me and my
wife we're going to build a little table
by 3-foot long table that's going to
fold down and now to make a little
dinette really a place for my kids to
sit and play some games checkers and
such but here's to read the back of the
camper here I got a box and going
because it is smoking hot today in south
Georgia there's a bunk bed that bunk bed
will take to full size mattresses which
I'm still looking for I'll get some
there's our drinking system it's cooler
I like it because my kids can come over
here they can get them a drink I may
fill it up with kool-aid I don't know or
water whatever they can get them a drink
just press that button we're going to
put our foodstuffs paper plates and
napkins all that kind of stuff whatever
kind of supplies we need on these shells
and them shells in the front I don't
know probably games hunting stuff
whatever we might need handled it the
ceiling was some $12 accidentally
paneling from lowes and then did a
little decorate with some odds and ends
that's my son's pea shooter he likes 29
years old he cheats that up at the deer
camp and then he shoot cans and stuff
with it
a real proud of it took a lot of work
and a taint square couldn't get it to go
back together right but we're proud of
it it'll it'll be nice place I think now
we're gonna do some fishing up at the
club to of a lake eufaula or Walter F
George I think is what it's called here
in Georgia
we like it I think it'd be comfortable I
got a nice open spot back here my little
girls are going to sleep on mats back
here on the floor and the boys gonna
sleep in the bunk bed and my oldest
daughter she's going to sleep back there
on the couch there we got five kids we
think we can squeeze them in here
there's a wheel well my wife built these
boxes over them or sheep I built them
she designed it and told me how to build
it I did so I've been real blessed to
have a wife that knows how to do that
kind of stuff and I can do a little bit
but she's more detail orientated got
more patience than me and like I said
there's my heaters and right underneath
there where that egg crate is I want to
put a cooler so that's where we're going
to store all the food and stuff in the
cooter if I can get if you go under
there like I said it was a lot of work a
lot of hot days out here but we're done
with it now I just need to put some
tires on it build this little dinette
right here we're going to put a bathroom
in it right about where this bench is
and put this bench along that wheel well
but we just pretty much decided to go
ahead we're going to build an outside
latrine with a portable $67 RV style
flushing toilet from walmart it kind of
has a detachable tank and we'll just
bring it home and pour it into septic
clean out after every hunting trip but
we're going to build an outside shower
I've still got the 12-volt water pump
for this camper so we're going to use
that to run water out of a blue barrel
into one of these uh portable camp
showers it gives instant hot water so
we'll just build us something out of a
tarp a pallet some scrap wood piece of
plywood for a roof and we'll build us a
little outdoor redneck shower bath area
okay well thank you for watching I hope
it encourages somebody when I take it
back hope it don't encourage you because
I spent six months on this project right
now I'm wishing I hatton but I think
it'll be worth it in the end thank you
for watching